So, let's see the big picture here.
We would have our data sources as all this jungle of initially norm,
actually normal CSV's in that were natively born as files.
They are not in a database.
We have our managed and unmanaged relational data stores.
We would have some columnar storage,
also managed and unmanaged like Cassandra and DynamoDB.
Maybe we have lots of EC2 machines here,
well we have a diverse number of sources.
Then, we would have our ETL machines here.
Here we would have a class of products that actually do all the calls.
So, this ones would actually be taking the data from the sources and into the staging,
and they would be only issuing the command to those sources
to come here to the S3 for the most part.
Again, issuing another command to redshift to actually go
and pull these files into redshift.
As I said, if one of the sources does not know how to copy things directly into S3,
you will have to go through the hassle of the data going to ETL first locally,
then to staging, then to redshift, for instance.
Once the data is into redshifts,
basically our main desire
here is to be able to connect BI apps with business intelligence apps and visualizations,
and so forth and that we can do directly to Amazon Redshift.
However, sometimes or actually many, many, many times,
very frequently we aren't interested in aggregations like
big aggregations that would take a lot of time to compute each time we need them.
So, what do we do? We actually pre-aggregate those.
For example, data cubes,
we pick those data cubes and we can materialize them
into Amazon S3 files that could be loaded here directly,
or we can put them into columnar storage or relational storage,
and in some time now it's also very trendy actually to put them
into in-memory stores for low latency.
So, after that we can go to the BI apps.
So, the BI apps could work from directly from the Redshift or
actually a little bit fast from those pre-aggregated OLAP cubes.